Update RHEL/CentOS install documentation (#81)
openzfs/openzfs-docs: docs/Getting Started/RHEL and CentOS.rst

RHEL and CentOS
===============

`DKMS`_ or `kABI-tracking kmod`_ style packages are provided for RHEL and
CentOS based distributions from the OpenZFS repository. These packages are
updated as new versions are released. Only the current repository for each
major release is updated with new packages. Packages are available for the
following configurations:

| **EL Releases:** 6, 7.9, 8.2
| **Architectures:** x86_64

To simplify installation a *zfs-release* package is provided which includes
a zfs.repo configuration file and public signing key. All official OpenZFS
packages are signed using this key, and by default yum or dnf will verify a
package's signature before allowing it be to installed. Users are strongly

> encouraged to verify the authenticity of the ZFS on Linux public key using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encouraged to verify the authenticity of the OpenZFS public key using
```

Reviewer: Maybe I'm wrong and it was intentional.

Author: This was actually intentional since the name on the key itself is still "ZFS on Linux" and I wanted to avoid any confusion.
